# Taylor Swift New York University Speech


Hi, I’m Taylor.

Last time I was in a stadium this size, I was dancing in heels and wearing a glittery leotard. This outfit is much more comfortable.

I’d like to say a huge thank you to NYU‘s Chairman of the Board of Trustees, Bill Berkeley and all the trustees and members of the board, NYU’s President Andrew Hamilton, Provost Katherine Fleming, and the faculty and alumni here today who have made this day possible. I feel so proud to share this day with my fellow honorees Susan Hockfield and Felix Matos Rodriguez, who humble me with the ways they improve our world with their work. As for me, I’m…90% sure the main reason I’m here is because I have a song called ‘22’. And let me just say, I am elated to be here with you today as we celebrate and graduate New York University’s Class of 2022.

Not a single one of us here today has done it alone. We are each a patchwork quilt of those who have loved us, those who have believed in our futures, those who showed us empathy and kindness or told us the truth even when it wasn't easy to hear. Those who told us we could do it when there was absolutely no proof of that. Some one read stories to you and taught you to dream and offered up some moral code of right and wrong for you to try and live by. Someone tried their best to explain every concept in this insanely complex world to the child that was you ad you asked a bazillion questions like 'how does the moon work' and 'why can we eat salad but not grass'. And maybe they didn't do it perfectly. No one ever can. Maybe they aren't with us anymore, and in that case I hope you'll remember them today. If they are in this stadium, I hope you'll find your own way to express your gratitude for all the steps and missteps that have let us to this common destination. 

I know that words are supposed to be my ‘thing’ but I will never to be able to find the words to thank my mom and dad, and my brother, Austin for the sacrifices they made every day to that I could go from singing in coffee houses to standing up here with you all today because no words would ever be enough. To all the incredible parents, family members, memtors, teachers and loved ones here today who have supported these students in their pursuit of educational enrichment, let me say to you now: Welcome to New York, It's been waiting for you. 

I'd like you thank NYU for making me technically, on paper at least, a doctor. Not the type of doctor you would want around in the case of an emergency unless your specific emergency was that you desperately needed to hear a song with a catchy hook and an intensely cathartic bridge section. Or if your emergency was that you needed a person who can name over 50 breeds of cars in one minute. I never got to have the normal college experience, per se. I went to public high school util tenth grade and finished my education doing homeschool work on the floors of airport terminals. Then I went out on the road on a radio tour, which sounds incredibly glamorous, but in rerality it consisted of a rental car, motels and my mom and I pretending to have loud mother daughter fights with each other during boarding so on one would want the empty seat between us on Southwest. 

As a kid, I always thought I would go away to college, imagining the posters I'd hang on the wall of my freshmen dorm. I even set the ending of my music video for my song "Long Story" at my fantasy imaginary college where I meet a male model reading a book on the grass and with one single glance, we realize we had been in love in our past lives which is exactly what you guys all experienced at some points in the last four years, right? But I really can't complain about not having a normal college experience to you because you went to NYU during a global pandemic, being essentially locked into your dorms or having to do classes over Zoom. Eveyone in college during normal times stresses about test scores, but on top of that you also had to pass like a thousand COVID tests. I imagine the idea of a normal college experience was all you wanted too. But in this case you and I both learned that you don't always get all the things in the bag that you selected from the menu in the delivery service that is life. YOu get what you get. And as I would like you say to you , wholeheartedly, you should be very proud of what you've done with it. Today you leave New York University and then you go out into the world searching for what's next. And so will I.

So as a rule, I try not to give anyone unsolicited advice unless they ask for it. I'll go into this more later. I guess I have been officially solicited in this situation to impart whatever wisdom I might have to tell you the things that helped me in my life so far. Please bear in mind that I , in no way, feel qualified to tell you what to do. You workded and struggled and sacrificed and studied and dreamed your way here today and so, you know what you're doing. You'll do things differently than I did them and for different reasons. So I won't tell you what you to do because no one like that. I will, however, give you some life hacks I wish I knew when I was starting out my dreams of a career, and navigating life, love, pressure, choices, shame, hope and friendship. The first of which is Life can be heavy, especially if you try to carry it all at once. Part of growing up and moving into new chapters of your life id about catch and release. What I mean by that is, knowing what things to keep, and what things to release. You can't carry all things, all grudges, all updates on your ex. All enviable promotions your school bully got at the hedge fund his uncle started. Decide what is yours to hold and let the rest go. Oftentimes the good things in your life are lighter anyway, so there's more room for them. One toxic relationship can outweight so many wonderful, simple joys. You get to pick what your life has time and room for. Be discerning. Secondly: Learn to live alongside cringe. No matter how hard you try to avoid being cringe, you will look back on your life and cringe retrospectively. Cringe is unavoidable over a lifetime. Even the term 'cringe' might be someday deemed 'cringe'. I promise you, you're probably doing or wearing something right now that you will look back on later and find revolting and hilarious. You can't avoid it, so don't try to.

